QLEAR: World’s first Environment Quality platform connecting to both LEED and RESET. 

On July 25th at Greenbuilder 2019 in San Francisco, QLEAR and Arc announced a new partnership that automates data flows between their respective software platforms for LEED certification and recertification purposes.

“Our new partnerships make it faster and easier than ever for project teams to measure environmental impact, improve their performance and achieve LEED certification.”
- Chris Pyke, Senior Vice President, Product, Arc Skoru Inc. 

“The QLEAR / Arc integration enables our clients to get the most possible value out of their data; from daily building operations through to certification and communication. We witnessed this with the Starbucks Roastery in Shanghai - the world’s first project to pilot the integration - and we’re now extending the value to the rest of out clients.”
- Alessandro Bisagni, QLEAR Partner.

This new partnership makes QLEAR the world’s first and only environment quality platform able to contribute directly to both LEED and RESET certification programs and software platforms. 

To learn more about the QLEAR / Arc integration, contact us.

About Qlear:

QLEAR is an advanced cloud-based indoor and outdoor environmental quality management and analytics system and a RESET Air Accredited Data Provider. QLEAR uses sensors to collect, measure and analyze data on air quality (inclusive of particulate matter, VOCs, CO2, CO, temperature, RH and more), and also integrates energy and other readily available real-time data sources. The platform provides users with unparalleled flexibility in data management (including the virtualization of monitors) and empowers users to maximize insights from their data towards improving environmental performance. 
The new QLEAR features on the Arc platform allow project teams pursuing LEED v4.1 O+M certification to quickly replace manual data entry with automated connections.
